<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
</head>

<body>
<h1>
<b>
Chapter 9: I Should Have Gone to Law School
</b>
</h1>
<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_1"><span style="font-weight: normal;">Introductory Notes (Anke)</span></h2>
<p>This section is a placeholder for the notes that Anke originally put in the chapter.  I wasn't sure where the discussion of the prenup should go, so I'm placing it here for now.  Anke's bullet points are below, so they won't be lost.  I suspect this section will be deleted eventually.</p>
<ul><li>How many lawyers do we need?<br/></li>
<li>How does one go about finding an attorney?<br/></li>
<li>Are they playing games with us?</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_2"><span style="font-weight: normal;">The Prenuptial Agreement</span></h2>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_3">Rationale for a Prenuptial Agreement (Dave)</h3>
At the time we became engaged, Anke and I had both amassed substantial assets (as it ends up, Anke had about 50% more than me).  I was sure that a prenup would be a good idea for us so that there would be clarity in the event of a divorce.<p>There were other factors I considered:</p>

<ul><li>Anke has an M.A. in economics, and is generally more financially savvy than me.  I wanted to be sure that Anke could continue to manage her own money and investments.</li>
<li>Anke and I maintaining separate money and investments might make us more resistant to financial fraud and theft.</li>
<li>In the event that we both died at about the same time, I didn't want any sort of disagreement between my heirs and Anke's heirs about how property should be divided.  (In this meaning, <i>property</i> also includes money, equities, and financial instruments.)  The prenup makes it clear which property is separate property, which property is marital property, and what authority a will has for each of us.</li>
<li>The prenup may provide some protection against individual debts wiping out marital assets or the assets of the uninvolved party.  (Medical debts are a special cause of concern, and these debts tend to be hard to predict, and large.)</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p>
</p>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_4">The Search for the Groom's Attorney (Dave)</h3>
<p>In August of 2022, I contacted <a class="sigil_index_marker" title="Nakisher, Marc (Attorney)" id="sigil_index_id_1">Marc Nakisher</a> (an estate planning attorney in Royal Oak, Michigan) by e-mail to inquire whether his firm would be willing to handle a prenuptial agreement and estate planning for Anke and I.  Marc indicated that he would be willing to handle estate planning for both of us and handle my half of a prenuptial agreement, but that he would want to bring in a second attorney to represent Anke in the prenup.</p>
<p>I was very skeptical of Marc's stated intent to use a second attorney for Anke (as a layman, I couldn't understand why a second attorney would be required, since Anke and I were working cooperatively on the prenuptial agreement).  I decided to contact a different attorney to get another opinion.</p>
<p>In September of 2022, I Googled for family attorneys with good reviews, and found <a class="sigil_index_marker" title="Lipman, Blake (Attorney)" id="sigil_index_id_2">Blake Lipman</a> in Farmington Hills, Michigan.  Mr. Lipman answered all of my questions and quoted a fee on the phone.  The information I received from Mr. Lipman in the initial phone consultation was:</p>
<p></p>
<ul><li>In order for a prenuptial agreement to be recognized by the courts and to be enforceable, it is necessary that the bride and groom be represented by separate attorneys.  (Any other arrangement opens the door to claims that one party or the other didn't receive sound legal advice.)</li>
<li>The prenuptial agreement has to be completed and executed well before the wedding.  (Any other timing can lead to claims of undue influence.)</li>
<li>Mr. Lipman would be willing to assist with a prenuptial agreement for $500.</li>
</ul>
<p>After an in-person consultation and the payment of $500, Mr. Lipman prompty provided a draft prenup.</p>
<p>Mr. Lipman also recommended an attorney to represent Anke in the prenup (<a class="sigil_index_marker" title="Kizy-White, Chanelle (Attorney)" id="sigil_index_id_3">Chanelle Kizy-White</a> of <a class="sigil_index_marker" title="Kizy Law" id="sigil_index_id_4">Kizy Law</a>).  Anke ultimately was very comfortable with one of the attorneys from Kizy Law (<a class="sigil_index_marker" title="Wagner, Ashleigh (Attorney)" id="sigil_index_id_5">Ashleigh Wagner</a>), and selected this attorney to represent her (next section in this chapter).</p>
<p>As Anke and I discussed her comfort level with various attorneys, one humorous discussion we had involved the pricing disparity between Mr. Lipman and Ms. Wagner.  Mr. Lipman charged $500 for his services, but Ms. Wagner charged $1,500 for her services.  Anke and I discussed the possibility that the <i>second</i> attorney chosen in a prenup has more pricing power than the first attorney (because at that point the clients are committed to the idea of a prenup).  We also discussed the possibility that there is collusion and cooperation between attorneys where the first attorney contacted charges the lower fee and gets the clients "hooked", and the second attorney charges the higher fee.  We conjectured that in other cases, a female client approaches Kizy Law first and gets the $500 rate; but the female client's partner is referred to Mr. Lipman, who then charges $1,500.  Because Anke is an economist by training, she was well qualified to evaluate theories of collusion and pricing power.</p>
<p>However, neither of us believe that there was collusion between Mr. Lipman and Ms. Wagner.  Mr. Lipman works as a solo practitioner and has a more ad hoc style, whereas Ms. Wagner works for a law firm with more overhead.  It is natural that different typical fee structures would apply.</p>
<p>Still, the pricing power discussion between Anke and I might suggest a shopping strategy for couples seeking to draft a prenuptial agreement with the help of the two required attorneys.  It might be interesting to try to get "package" prices where one asks an individual attorney to provide a price commitment for themselves plus a price commitment from an attorney in another law firm, as a "package".  That approach, if it could be done, might eliminate the higher pricing power of the second attorney.</p>
<p></p>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_5">The Search for the Bride's Attorney (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_6">The Editing of the Prenuptial Agreement (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_7">The Notarization and Execution of the Prenuptial Agreement (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<p><br/></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
</body>
</html>