<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
</head>

<body>
<h1>
   <b>Chapter 1: Detroit, Many Moons Ago</b>
</h1>

<p>
This is a test entry to <a class="sigil_index_marker" title="index" id="sigil_index_id_1">index</a>, <a class="sigil_index_marker" title="attorney" id="sigil_index_id_2">attorney</a>.
And another sentence to see if I can save, unzip and re-zip this.
</p>
<p>Random things that need to be in this chapter:</p>
<p></p>
<ul><li>"I won't travel on an Airbus"<br/></li>
<li>it probably happened in someone's kitchen<br/></li>
<li>mid-nineties Detroit</li>
<li>playgrounds: because we can</li>
<li>the book, the note, and what didn't happen</li>
</ul>
<p>It probably happened in someone's kitchen. The two of us meeting for the first time, that is. We neither of us remember even the year we met, much less the exact circumstances. While possibly disappointing to those in search of Sparks! Fireworks! Love At First Sight!, that is the truth - our only excuse is that it happened more than a quarter century ago, in mid-nineties Detroit.</p>
<p>Even localizing our first encounter in someone's kitchen is only an exercise in probabilities. All parties sooner or later gravitated toward the kitchen. Parties among people like us, that is - grad students mostly, at Wayne State University, in whose immediate vicinity we were both living at the time, with a sprinkling of undergrads and a few young professionals for good measure.</p>
<p>Word would spread along the grapevine: actual word of mouth, land line phones, and maybe, just maybe, the occasional e-mail - that wondrous invention that allowed you to send a message in green letters on a black screen to another lucky soul with a computer address ending in @wayne.edu <i>instantaneously</i>. Those so summoned would show up with a few beers, some chips and dips, or a block of processed cheese to share; nutrition wasn't exactly high on anyone's list of priorities, unlike minimizing cost.</p>
<p>We were a colorful bunch - people from several countries, various university departments and specialties, and "having a party" for us was, more than anything, about hanging out with people, getting very drunk on cheap alcohol, slightly stoned on the "special" brownies that someone invariably brought, and chatting away. We would talk of movies, argue about books, and try to explain each other the intricacies of soccer (mystery to the Americans) or baseball (enigma to everyone else, except maybe the Japanese.)</p>
<p>It must have been on one of those occasions that we first met, Dave and I. He was a few years my senior, in his early thirties then and an engineer at Ford. We were neighbors, it turned out, living in the same quiet street just off campus, and I took an immediate liking to him. He was a low-key handsome, bearded guy, with blue smiling eyes and dark hair, slightly thinning even then. And - he was clearly the nerdiest person even in our crowd.</p>
<p>One of the first things I remember him talking about with his deep, warm voice, was a detailed and well-founded explanation as to why he, Dave, would go to great lengths to avoid flying on an Airbus. </p>
<p></p>
<ul><li>this requires an explanation why exactly. I only remember as the gist of it that there was too much left to software /electronic components, and not enough simple mechanics<br/></li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p></p>
</body>
</html>