<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
</head>

<body>
<h1>
<b>
Chapter 10: Vegas ...
</b>
</h1>

<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_59">The Investigation of the Legalities of Getting Married in Las Vegas, Nevada</h2>

<p>TBD.</p>

<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_60">The Groom's Investigation (Dave)</h3>

<p>TBD.</p>

<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_61">The Bride's Investigation (Anke)</h3>

<p>TBD.</p>

<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_62">The Search for the Wedding Chapel (Dave)</h2>

<p>TBD.</p>

<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_63">The Marriage License (Dave)</h2>

<p>TBD.</p>

<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_64">Travel to Las Vegas</h2>

<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_65">The Groom's Travel to Las Vegas (Dave)</h3>

<p>Purchased Southwest tickets in advance.</p>
<p>Winter storm Elliot.</p>
<p>Was notified by Anke that my flight was apparently canceled (Anke, can you dig up the WhatsApp messages where you notified me and send a screenshot?).</p>
<p>I changed my SWA flight to 12/28.</p>
<p>Anke picked up a Frontier Airlines flight, and purchased one checked bag.</p>
<p>Frontier has the most confusing website, ever.  I purchased "The Works", which was advertised at $88 but actually cost $35 because of Anke's earlier purchase of the checked bag.  This seemed to be the easiest way to get a carry-on bag.</p>
<p>The flight was very late.  The stated reason was flight crew work hour restrictions.  It actually departed around 12:30 a.m.</p>
<p>The staff at the gate were somewhat rude, and stated very plainly that carry-ons cost and had to be purchased, and if you boarded the plane with a carry-on you didn't pay for, it was going to cost you even more.  The tone was nothing less than parochial and threatening.</p>
<p>The captain showed up.  Smartly dressed, tall, caucasian, perhaps 55, a lot of gray, a few extra pounds.  Walked in a straight line.  Seemed very happy and energetic.  Was making smalltalk with the gate crew and cabin crew.  Inspired confidence, especially with being apparently sober and very awake.  I did not notice the FO.</p>
<p>Deicing took a while.  The captain was very careful to explain what was happening in a non-alarmist manner ("be sure it is safe to operate the aircraft" rather than "so we don't crash").  A few trucks spraying on liquids.</p>
<p>Completely rude cabin crew.  Parochial and threatening.  "You've been assigned a specific seat, and we expect you to sit in that seat.  You must obtain permission from a crew member to swap or change seats."</p>
<p>Captain even made light of the airline's a la carte policies.  "We realize you had to make a lot of choices to be sitting in the seat, and we thank you for your business."</p>
<p>Seats had the smallest tray ever (get a screenshot from my video), yet they still required it be upright for takeoff and landing.</p>
<p>Seats did not recline.</p>
<p>Closer examination of the seats revealed that they were at the stuctural minimum.  Rectangular aluminum tube around the perimeter, with a shell that consumed the depth of the tube but no more.  Designed to fit the maximum number of people in the minimum space.</p>
<p>Had a guy that I believe was 50-ish and Polish and didn't speak English to my left, dressed in athletic/workout clothes.  Gave him half my orange juice. During the flight, we were both trying to find a comfortable position to sleep, and we could not.  The gal in the window seat had it easy because she had a corner to lean into.  The Polish guy and I were both miserable.  I finally dozed off with my head resting forward against the seat in front of me.</p>
<p>Frontier is the worst airline ever in every category except getting me there.  Confusing website, a la carte policies, hostile gate crew, hostile cabin crew, awful seating.</p>
<p>Received numerous marketing e-mails after the trip advertising things like $19 fares from Detroit.  Presumably checked bags, carry-on bags, and air to breathe purchased separately.</p>
<p>Canceled my outbound SWA flight.  The website allowed me to do that.</p>
<p>Southwest got a lot of bad press, and had a "meltdown".</p>
<p>My credit as a result of canceling the outbound flight never expire, and I got 25,000 points as well, that never expire.  I would say that Southwest compensated me fairly, all things considered.</p>
<p>Was on The Deuce to find the marriage license office when got a WhatsApp message from Anke indicating she was through immigration.  At that point exited the bus and took a cab to the airport.</p>
<p>Was engaged in a fascinating conversation with a guy who was also an inconvenienced Southwest customer, and was born and raised in rural Missouri.  We discussed pilot's licenses, and it ends up that he earned a license perhaps 3 decades before I did and wanted to become an aviator in the Vietnam War, but the war ended and the air force no longer had a need for pilots.  We discussed how expensive it is to become an airline pilot if you do it as a civilian, and also the high number of mass shootings in the U.S., which neither of us had an explanation for.  Fascinating the people you meet on buses.</p>
<p>Anke and I took the shuttle to pick up the rental car.</p>
<p>Then went to Excalibur then took the bus to the marriage license office.</p>
<h3>The Bride's Travel to Las Vegas (Anke)<br/></h3>

<p>TBD.</p>
<p><br/></p>
<h2>The Marriage License</h2>
<h3>The Marriage License (Dave)</h3>
<p>Went down to the office on Clark Street.  Had our number from the web process.  They printed it out, we reviewed it and presented ID, and $102 later we had a marriage license.</p>
<h3>The Marriage License (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>

<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_67">The Wedding</h2>
<h3>The Wedding (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>
<h3>The Wedding (Dave)</h3>
<p>Called the chapel (Fremont Wedding Chapel), and they indicated they could accommodate us immediately.</p>
<p>They had provided substantial support and answered questions going months back.</p>
<p>Got dressed and took the cab down to Fremont St.</p>
<p>In a shopping area.  Went downstairs to "Neon Chapel".</p>
<p>"Sign and Go".</p>
<p>Photos.</p>
<p>Neither of us can remember our exact wedding vows.</p>
<p><br/></p>

<h2 id="sigil_toc_id_68">The Honeymoon</h2>

<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_69">The High Roller</h3>

<h4 id="sigil_toc_id_70">The Groom's Thoughts on The High Roller (Dave)</h4>

<p>Bought daytime tickets but got the nighttime experience.  #Winning!  Saved $24 ($12 each).</p>
<p>Souvenir photos, reasonably priced.</p>
<p>Michigan tourists in our car, from a small town in Michigan (can't remember which one).</p>
<p>Paid $48 (I think) for parking because I surrendered my room key early.</p>

<h4 id="sigil_toc_id_71">The Bride's Thoughts and Notes on The High Roller (Anke)</h4>

<p>TBD.</p>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_56"><br/></h3>
<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_56">The Hoover Dam</h3>
<h4 id="sigil_toc_id_58">The Bride's Thoughts and Notes on The Hoover Dam (Anke)</h4>
<p>TBD.</p>
<br class="Apple-interchange-newline"/><h4 id="sigil_toc_id_57">The Groom's Thoughts and Notes on The Hoover Dam (Dave)</h4>
<p>I had originally thought of The Hoover Dam as an optional stop, but at Anke's urging, we stopped.</p>
<p>There was a security checkpoint where they asked about drones and firearms, and they looked at the back seat of the car.  This is something I don't remember from years past, perhaps because drones have become more of an issue.</p>
<p>The parking was in a deck surrounded by rock.  My favorite parking deck in the world.</p>
<p>We saw the film.  Impressive.</p>
<p>We went on the power plant tour.  We were fortunate that there were generator rotors out for maintenance.  Very  impressive.</p>
<p>Reusable aluminum water bottles with cold water out of a vending machine for about $5 each.  Best deal ever.  Lost mine, unfortunately.</p>
<h4 id="sigil_toc_id_58"><br/></h4>
<h2>Flagstaff</h2>
<h3>Bride's Thoughts (Anke)</h3>
<p><br/></p>
<h3>Groom's Throughts (Dave)</h3>
<p>Stayed in Flagstaff because Dave's assessment was that accommodations in Flagstaff would be more reliably available than nearer to The Grand Canyon.</p>
<p>According to hotels.com, the four hotels we stayed at, in order were:</p>
<p>Excalibur Hotel and Casino, checkin Sunday, 12/25/2022.</p>
<p>Hotel Aspen InnSuites Flagstaff/Grand Canyon, 12/29/2022.</p>
<p>Red Feather Lodge, 12/30/2022.</p>
<p>Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip, 12/31/2022.</p>
<p>So we apparently stayed in Hotel Aspen InnSuites Flagstaff/Grand Canyon.</p>
<p>Did laundry.</p>
<p>Went to El Tapitio</p>
<p>https://tapatiorestaurants.com/Flagstaff.html<br/></p>
<p>Was great.  Families.  Generous portions.  Yummy carryouts.</p>

<h3 id="sigil_toc_id_18">The Grand Canyon</h3>

<h4 id="sigil_toc_id_19">The Groom's Thoughts and Notes on The Grand Canyon (Dave)</h4>

<p>Got fogged out of The Grand Canyon.  Same thing the next day.  Need to include a photo.  Saw the film.<br/></p>
<p>Stayed at Red Feather Lodge, very close.</p>

<h4 id="sigil_toc_id_20">The Bride's Thoughts and Notes on The Grand Canyon (Anke)</h4>

<p>TBD.</p>
<h2>Las Vegas Before Departure</h2>
<h3>Groom's Thoughts (Dave)</h3>
<p>Stayed at Howard Johnson by Wyndham Las Vegas near the Strip.</p>
<p>Was one of the few hotels available at the time it was booked, due to it being New Year's Eve.</p>
<p>Lines to check in.</p>
<p>Fairly decrepit room at high prices, thanks to it being New Year's Eve.</p>
<p>Subway.</p>
<p>Cinnabon.</p>
<p>Sleep.</p>
<p>Bride's Thoughts (Anke)<br/></p>
<p>TBD.</p>
<h2>Travel to Allen Park</h2>
<h3>Groom's Thoughts (Dave)</h3>
<p>Drive to rental car return.  One extra lap around the airport.</p>
<p>Long lines to get on shuttle bus.  Anxiety about making flight.</p>
<p>Uneventful flights.  We want through Chicago?  I don't even remember now.</p>
<p>Fractured luggage, but didn't make a claim.</p>
<p>Taxi from DTW to home.</p>
<h3>Bride's Thoughts (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>
<h2>Stay In Allen Park</h2>
<h3>Groom's Thoughts (Dave)</h3>
<p>Cleaning.</p>
<p>Thai carryout.</p>
<p>Dinner with friends.</p>
<p>Work for both of us.</p>
<p>Cat behavior:</p>
<p></p>
<ul><li>Cats warmed up quicker the second time.</li>
<li>Anke was a regular celebrity.</li>
<li>Hourly (or more often) bed visits by two of the cats.</li>
<li>One cat's apparent desire to hang out between us.</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h3>Bride's Thoughts (Anke)</h3>
<p>TBD.</p>
<h2>Anke's Travel to Turkey (Anke)</h2>
<p>TBD.</p>
<h2>Dave's Questions about What to Put and Where</h2>
<p>Viagra, sexual health (could be entertaining reading)?</p>
<p>Wordle/Nerdle competition and spreadsheets?</p>
<p>Financial tracking spreadsheets (some sort of a chapter on investing and money management might be useful to some, mostly as a pointer to what to read)?</p>
<p><br/></p>
</body>
</html>