<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
</head>

<body>
<h1>
   <b>Preface</b>
</h1>

<p>
   At the present time, the preface is a placeholder that contains
   content of three types:
</p>

<ul>
      <li>
         Notes from Dave to Anke about proposed changes to the
         book that are significant enough that further
         coordination is required.
      </li>
      <li>
         Notes from Anke to Dave, with significance as described
         in the point above.
      </li>
      <li>
         The preface, a work in progress.
      </li>
   </ul>

<hr/>

<p>
   <b><u>Notes from Dave to Anke:</u></b>
</p>

<ul>
   <li>Did you ever receive information
      from any of our attorneys about whether a will has
      be done <i>after</i> the execution of the prenup?
      I think the answer to this question may be important
      for readers.<br/></li>
   <li>Do we have any thoughts on the title of the book?
      We now have four attorneys involved (with the
      addition of Mr. Gatz to help with probate 
      and wills).  Should it be <i>Four Attorneys and
      a Wedding</i>?  Or do we want to go in a different
      direction?<br/></li>
   <li>
      Where will we discuss the prenup experience in detail?
      That depends on what you have planned for Chapter
      9.
   </li>
   <li>
      I would also like to talk about experiences in selecting
      and interacting with immigration attorneys and
      estate/probate/will attorneys.  There may be some
      detailed stories and thoughts.  Where is your plan
      for where this goes?
   </li>
   <li>
      I had planned to use real attorney names, but not
      include any direct negative information about them.
      That begs another question—do we want to invite
      the attorneys to write sections of the book?  I'm sure
      that the immigration attorney, for example, would have
      a lot to say about why one wants an attorney.
   </li>
   <li>
      What is the accepted current etiquette for whether
      the woman's or the man's name goes first when both
      are mentioned?  I'm used to mentioning the woman first (i.e. "Anke and Dave:"),
      but most legal things I've seen seem to mention the
      man's name first.  Thoughts?
   </li>
   <li>
      Did we want an <i>Acknowledgments</i> section to thank those
      who helped out proofreading or with suggestions and corrections?
   </li>
</ul>

<hr/>

<p>
   <b><u>Notes from Anke to Dave:</u></b>
</p>

<p>
   TBD.
</p>

<hr/>

<p>
   <b><u>The Preface, a Work in Progress:</u></b>
</p>

<p>
   In 2020, we (Anke and Dave) reconnected after about 20 years,
   fell in love, and decided to marry.
</p>

<p>
   That story, in and of itself, would not have been especially
   remarkable or made an interesting book.
</p>

<p>
   But there is more.&#160; There are attorneys.&#160; And more attorneys.&#160; Did we mention the attorneys?&#160; Old movies would have you believe that getting married is as simple as convincing the local preacher to "hitch" you, tying string and cans to your car, and driving off towards happiness and success.&#160; We did find that the process had a few more steps, at least in our case.</p>

<p>At the time we became engaged, Dave resided in the United States (Allen Park, Michigan), but Anke was a German citizen living in Istanbul, Turkey.
   Since we had decided to live together in the United States,
   there was the complexity of the U.S. immigration process; involving forms, documents, translators, translator's fees, procedures, interviews,
   government fees, attorneys, attorney fees, notaries, and lots of delay.
</p>

<p>An attorney assisted us with the immigration process.
  (Attorney count so far:&#160; 1.)
</p>

<p>
   Additionally, at the time we became engaged, we had both
   individually amassed substantial assets and each of us had our
   own investing style. A prenuptial agreement was prudent to
   prevent our individual assets from automatically becoming
   marital property, so we could have a marriage with a great
   deal of independent financial decision-making.
   The prenuptial agreement itself was an interesting journey
   involving attorneys, attorney fees, notaries, and
   remote notarization procedures.
</p>

<p>
   The process of drafting and executing a prenuptial
   agreement that will be recognized by a court in Michigan requires two attorneys—one for each partner.
   (Attorney count so far:&#160; 3.)
</p>

<p>
   Finally, we both required an attorney to assist with
   wills and estate planning.&#160; (Final attorney count:&#160; 4.)
</p>

<p>
   The wedding itself was straightforward, but behind the
   scenes we had an entourage of four very necessary (and moderately expensive) attorneys.
   The title of the book almost wrote itself.
</p>
<p>It would be fair to characterize this book as an unconventional (übernerd) love story, combined with a practical description of the nuts and bolts of immigration, a prenuptial agreement, and estate planning as we experienced them.</p>
<p>This book would likely have two primary audiences:</p>
<p></p>
<ul><li>Couples contemplating marriage and/or immigration who might find our experiences of interest.</li>
<li>Readers seeking an unusual read at a low price.</li>
</ul>
<p>This book is not intended to provide legal advice, and is not a substitute for legal advice from an attorney.&#160; This book documents <i>our</i>&#160;experiences with immigration, prenuptial agreements, and estate planning; as well as <i>our</i> understanding of the law.&#160; Our experiences may not be representative, laws may vary from state to state, and certainly our legal understanding may be flawed.&#160; Please consult an attorney!</p>
<p>Because there are really two separate stories to tell, from two points of view, most sections of the book were written exclusively by either Anke or Dave.&#160; Sections of the book that were written by only one author identify the author by including either "(Anke)" or "(Dave)" in the section title.</p>
<p>We both invite correspondence about this book.&#160; We would be glad to correct any errors in the book, and we would also be glad to include opinions that are different than our own.&#160; Our editing and re-release cycle is annual, so there may be a delay of up to approximately a year until corrections or additions appear in the next edition of the book.</p>
<p><u>Anke:</u>&#160; Need to resolve licensing issues.&#160; The Kindle Self-Publishing Terms of Service (or similar) seem to prohibit us from selling content that is freely available on the Internet.&#160; That means we would need to move to one of the following options (I think):</p>
<p></p>
<ul><li>A free private repository at GitHub (which has diminished capability—no pull requests and no graphic views of the branch graph, but is otherwise fully functional, I think).<br/></li>
<li>A paid private repository at GitHub (which has the full capability but would cost us either $44 or $88 a year, not sure which).</li>
</ul>
<p>I would tend to go for the first option, but you'd have to let me know if you can live without pull requests and the graphic view of the network graph.</p>
<p>We also need some sort of a heavy disclaimer and license in the book.&#160; Essentially <i>YMMV</i>, <i>Use at Your Own Peril</i>, and <i>You Can't Sue Us</i>.</p>
<p></p>
<p style="text-align: right;">Anke Sindermann<br/>Dave Ashley</p>
<p></p>
</body>
</html>